Licence: MIT
Date: Apr , 2012

User manual
-------------------

motivation:

    This package is written for the purpose of viewing game records of the
    game 'go', also known as weiqi or baduk, on an e-reader that can read 
    cbz, a comic book format. It computes all boardpositions from an sgf file,
    converts them to grayscale images, and stores them in a cbz file. 
    
requirements:

    python 2.6 or 2.7, python imaging library (PIL)

installation:

    Copy the folder in the zipfile to the computer. 
    
usage:

    python path-to-the-folder/sgf2cbz.py some-sgf-file.sgf
        
discussion:
       
    There is currently no support for game info. Make a copy of the sgf file,
    change the filetype to .txt and copy it together with the cbz file. 
      
    It is possible to use other resolutions than 600x800 or rotate or mirror
    the goboard, by editing function 'main' in sgf2cbz.py.
    
todo:

    Provide game info and number of captured stones. Write a gui that
    offers all of the options, or alternatively, do it with getopt. 

List of files
-------------------

sgfparser.py:

    This module implements a very basic sgfparser: sgf is a format which is
    popular for storing game records, in this case for the board game 'go'. It 
    extracts only the moves in the main variation, it ignores handicap stones
    and comments. 

boards.py:

    This module uses the sgfparser to precompute all boardpositions and 
    stores them in a list of dicts.

transformer.py:

    This module projects the 'world' of a goboard (19x19 or 13x13 etc.) onto an
    image (for example 600x800). A goboard is assumed to be a bit larger in 
    the y-direction.
    
sgf2cbz.py:

    This module takes an sgf file, creates a series of PNG images from it, 
    and stores them in a zip file. The file's extension is cbz instead of zip, in
    order to be able to display the file using an e-reader's comic book reader.
    
test13x13.sgf:

    A small sgf file to test the scripts.


